sftp-public key authentication -code (#119)
bcgov/jrcc-document-access-libs: README.md

![binding](docs/document.ready.bind.png)

####if you want to run the sample app using sftp do the following:

step 1. Create a sftp server container (from WindowsPowerShell or GitBash)
```bash
docker run -p 22:22 -d atmoz/sftp myname:pass:::upload
```

step 2. User "myname" with password "pass" can login with sftp and upload files to a folder called "upload". We are forwarding the container's port 22 to the host's port 22.

> step 3. Use a Sftp Client application ( such as Fillzilla, WinSCP, coreFTP) to connect to the server.(use sftp protocal and ip: localhost, port:22)

Reviewer: supernit: should it be `filezilla`? also `protocol` 
```suggestion
step 3. Use a Sftp Client application ( such as Filezilla, WinSCP, coreFTP) to connect to the server (use sftp protocol and ip: localhost, port:22).
```

Author: nice catch.
